HSEARCH-4065 Expose Lucene's low-level IndexReader through API (#2584)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/reference/backend-lucene.asciidoc

<4> Compute the index size and get the result.
<5> An asynchronous version of the method is also available.
====

> == Retrieving low-level Lucene `IndexReader`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Retrieving a Lucene `IndexReader`
```

The low-level `IndexReader` can be retrieved from the `LuceneIndexScope`.

.Retrieving the index reader from a Lucene index scope
====
[source, JAVA, indent=0, subs="+callouts"]
----
include::{sourcedir}/org/hibernate/search/documentation/backend/lucene/lowlevel/LuceneLowLevelIndexReaderIT.java[tags=indexReader]
----
<1> Retrieve the `SearchMapping`.
<2> Retrieve the `LuceneIndexScope` extending the search scope with the `LuceneExtension`.
<3> Open an instance of `IndexReader`. Optionally it is possible to provide the routing keys

> to filter the visibility of the returning index reader using the method `openIndexReader(Set<String>)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to target only some shards of the indexes using the method `openIndexReader(Set<String>)`.
```

====

> [NOTE]
> ====
> The returned IndexReader is read only; writing directly to the index is discouraged.
> ====
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

As stated above, an index reader is obviously read-only. This note is not necessary.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The returned IndexReader instance must be closed after its use by the client.

Reviewer: I would move this to the example. Wrap the use of the index reader in a try-with-resource block and add a callout that says "The `IndexReader` must be closed after use".

Author: I've already wrapped the use of the index reader in a try-with-resource block. Then I'm just adding the callout.

====

[WARNING]
====

> This api bypasses the filtering by tenantId, so results from all tenants will be always visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if multi-tenancy is enabled, the returned reader exposes documents of *all* tenants.
```
